# KaggleDataAnalysis


### 캐글러
* 압도적인 강점과 깔끔한 해법으로 Kaggler에게 충격을 주었으며, 2018년 Kaggle 순위 1위를 차지
  * [bestfitting](https://medium.com/kaggle-blog/profiling-top-kagglers-bestfitting-currently-1-in-the-world-58cc0e187b)

* [Winning Data Science Competitions](https://www.slideshare.net/OwenZhang2/tips-for-data-science-competitions)
2015년까지 오랫동안 Kaggle 순위 1위였던 Owen의 슬라이드

* [Kageel Grandmaster Kohei Blog](https://i.ho.lc/pages/about.html)

### 유용한 문서
 * [How to use Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/docs/competitions)
 * [Feature Selection](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/feature_selection.html)

### 유용한 강의
 * Coursera의 캐글 강좌
 * [Coursera - How to Win a Data Science Competition:Learn from Top Kagglers](https://www.coursera.org/learn/competitive-data-science/)

### 라이브러리 및 관련 논문
 * xgboost
   * https://xgboost.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
   * [Github](https://github.com/dmlc/xgboost/)
 * lightgbm
   * https://lightgbm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
   * [Github](https://github.com/microsoft/LightGBM/)
 * catboost
   * https://catboost.ai/docs/
   * [Github](https://github.com/catboost/catboost)
 * keras
   * https://keras.io/
   * [Github](https://github.com/keras-team/keras)
 * pytorch
   * https://pytorch.org/
   * [Github](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch)
 * tensorflow
   * https://www.tensorflow.org/
   * [Github](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow)
 * hyperopt
   * https://github.com/hyperopt/hyperopt/wiki
   * [Github](https://github.com/hyperopt/hyperopt)
 * optuna
   * https://optuna.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
   * [Github](https://github.com/pfnet/optuna)
 * 파라미터 튜닝
   * [lightgbm] https://lightgbm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Parameters-Tuning.html
   * [catboost] https://catboost.ai/docs/concepts/parameter-tuning.html
   * [Analytics Vidhya](https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2016/03/complete-guide-parameter-tuning-xgboost-with-codes-python/)
   * [PARAMETERS](https://sites.google.com/view/lauraepp/parameters)
 * [일어] Hyperopt에 대하여
   * [Link](https://www.slideshare.net/hskksk/hyperopt)
     
 ### 분석내용
   * Kaggle Home Depot Product Search Relevance - Turing Test's 3rd Place Solution
     * [Link](https://github.com/ChenglongChen/Kaggle_HomeDepot/blob/master/Doc/Kaggle_HomeDepot_Turing_Test.pdf)
     * [Github[(https://github.com/ChenglongChen/Kaggle_HomeDepot)

 
 ### 캐글 대회 리스트
 ● Titanic: Machine Learning from Disaster
https://www.kaggle.com/c/titanic
● House Prices: Advanced Regression Techniques
https://www.kaggle.com/c/house-prices-advanced-regression-techniques
● Heritage Health Prize
https://www.kaggle.com/c/hhp

● Display Advertising Challenge
https://www.kaggle.com/c/criteo-display-ad-challenge
● Microsoft Malware Classification Challenge (BIG 2015)
https://www.kaggle.com/c/malware-classification
● Otto Group Product Classification Challenge
https://www.kaggle.com/c/otto-group-product-classification-challenge
● Walmart Recruiting II: Sales in Stormy Weather
https://www.kaggle.com/c/walmart-recruiting-sales-in-stormy-weather

● Facebook Recruiting IV: Human or Robot?
https://www.kaggle.com/c/facebook-recruiting-iv-human-or-bot
● Crowdflower Search Results Relevance
https://www.kaggle.com/c/crowdflower-search-relevance
● Caterpillar Tube Pricing
https://www.kaggle.com/c/caterpillar-tube-pricing
● Coupon Purchase Prediction
https://www.kaggle.com/c/coupon-purchase-prediction

● Rossmann Store Sales
https://www.kaggle.com/c/rossmann-store-sales
● Walmart Recruiting: Trip Type Classification
https://www.kaggle.com/c/walmart-recruiting-trip-type-classification
● Airbnb New User Bookings
https://www.kaggle.com/c/airbnb-recruiting-new-user-bookings

● Prudential Life Insurance Assessment
https://www.kaggle.com/c/prudential-life-insurance-assessment
● BNP Paribas Cardif Claims Management
https://www.kaggle.com/c/bnp-paribas-cardif-claims-management
● Home Depot Product Search Relevance
https://www.kaggle.com/c/home-depot-product-search-relevance
● Santander Customer Satisfaction
https://www.kaggle.com/c/santander-customer-satisfaction
● Bosch Production Line Performance
https://www.kaggle.com/c/bosch-production-line-performance

● Allstate Claims Severity
https://www.kaggle.com/c/allstate-claims-severity
● Santander Product Recommendation
https://www.kaggle.com/c/santander-product-recommendation
● Two●Sigma Financial Modeling Challenge
https://www.kaggle.com/c/two-sigma-financial-modeling
● Data●Science Bowl 2017
https://www.kaggle.com/c/data-science-bowl-2017
● Two Sigma Connect: Rental Listing Inquiries
https://www.kaggle.com/c/two-sigma-connect-rental-listing-inquiries

● Quora Question Pairs
https://www.kaggle.com/c/quora-question-pairs
● Mercedes-Benz Greener Manufacturing
https://www.kaggle.com/c/mercedes-benz-greener-manufacturing
● Instacart Market Basket Analysis
https://www.kaggle.com/c/instacart-market-basket-analysis
● Web Traffic Time Series Forecasting
https://www.kaggle.com/c/web-traffic-time-series-forecasting
● Text Normalization Challenge - English Language
https://www.kaggle.com/c/text-normalization-challenge-english-language

● Porto Seguro’s Safe Driver Prediction
https://www.kaggle.com/c/porto-seguro-safe-driver-prediction
● Passenger Screening Algorithm Challenge
https://www.kaggle.com/c/passenger-screening-algorithm-challenge
● Zillow Prize: Zillow’s Home Value Prediction(Zestimate)
https://www.kaggle.com/c/zillow-prize-1
● Corporación Favorita Grocery Sales Forecasting
https://www.kaggle.com/c/favorita-grocery-sales-forecasting
● TensorFlow Speech Recognition Challenge
https://www.kaggle.com/c/tensorflow-speech-recognition-challenge

● Recruit Restaurant Visitor Forecasting
https://www.kaggle.com/c/recruit-restaurant-visitor-forecasting
● Mercari Price Suggestion Challenge
https://www.kaggle.com/c/mercari-price-suggestion-challenge
● Google Cloud & NCAA® ML Competition 2018-Men's
https://www.kaggle.com/c/mens-machine-learning-competition-2018
● TalkingData AdTracking Fraud Detection Challenge
https://www.kaggle.com/c/talkingdata-adtracking-fraud-detection
● Avito Demand Prediction Challenge
https://www.kaggle.com/c/avito-demand-prediction
● Home Credit Default Risk
https://www.kaggle.com/c/home-credit-default-risk
● Google AI Open Images - Object Detection Track
https://www.kaggle.com/c/google-ai-open-images-object-detection-track
● TGS Salt Identification Challenge
https://www.kaggle.com/c/tgs-salt-identification-challenge
● PLAsTiCC Astronomical Classification
https://www.kaggle.com/c/PLAsTiCC-2018
● Human Protein Atlas Image Classification
https://www.kaggle.com/c/human-protein-atlas-image-classification
● Quora Insincere Questions Classification
https://www.kaggle.com/c/quora-insincere-questions-classification
● Google Analytics Customer Revenue Prediction
https://www.kaggle.com/c/ga-customer-revenue-prediction
● Elo Merchant Category Recommendation
https://www.kaggle.com/c/elo-merchant-category-recommendation
● Santander Customer Transaction Prediction
https://www.kaggle.com/c/santander-customer-transaction-prediction
● Data Science for Good: City of Los Angeles
https://www.kaggle.com/c/data-science-for-good-city-of-los-angeles


   
   
